it's funny the the group of people that
do not use quality in their marketing
are the Japanese you never see them
using quality in their marketing it's
only the American companies that do and
yet if you ask people on the street
which products have the best reputation
for quality they will tell you the
Japanese products now why is that how
could that be the answer is because
customers don't form their opinions on
quality from marketing they don't form
their opinions on quality from who won
the the Deming award or who won the
Baldrige award they form their opinions
on quality from their own experience
with the products or the services and so
one can spend enormous amounts of money
on quality one can win every quality of
where there is and yet if your products
don't live up to it customers will not
keep that opinion for long in their
minds and so I think where we have to
start is with our products and our
services not with our marketing
department and we need to get back to
the basics and go improve our products
and services
now again quality isn't just the product
or the service it's having the right
product you know knowing where the
markets going and having the most
innovative products is just as much a
part of quality as the quality of the
construction of the product when you
have it and I think what we're seeing is
the quality leaders of today have
integrated that quality technology well
beyond their manufacturing now going
well into their sales and marketing and
out as far as they can to touch the
customer and trying to create super
efficient processes back from the
customer all the way through to the
delivery of the end product so that they
can have the most innovative products
understand the customer needs fastest
etc etc in most companies if you're new
and you ask you know why is it done this
way the answer is because that's the way
we do it here or because that's the way
it's always been done
and in my opinion the largest
contribution of much of this quality
thinking is to approach these ways of
doing things these processes at
scientifically where there is a theory
behind why we do
there is a description of what we do and
most importantly there is an opportunity
to always question what we do and this
is a radically different approach to
business processes than the traditional
one because it's always done this way
and that single shift is everything in
my opinion because it in that shift is a
tremendous optimistic point of view
about the people that work in a company
it says these people are very smart
they're not they're not pawns they're
very smart and if given the opportunity
to change and improve they will they
will improve the processes if there's if
there's a mechanism for it and that that
optimistic humanism I find very
appealing and I think we have countless
examples that it works